Add documentation to run Kani on single harnesses (#85)
model-checking/verify-rust-std: doc/src/tools/kani.md

Run the following command in your local terminal:

> `kani verify-std -Z unstable-options "path/to/library" --target-dir "/path/to/target" -Z function-contracts -Z stubbing -Z mem-predicates`.

Reviewer: Yes, thank you, you are right. But then I do wonder whether `-Z stubbing` is even necessary.

Author: Removing `-Z stubbing` does not create an issue for the compilation process so I think it's safe to remove it.

- `"path/to/library"`: This argument specifies the path to the modified Rust Standard Library that was prepared earlier in the script. For example, `./library` or `/home/ubuntu/verify-rust-std/library`
- `--target-dir "path/to/target"`: This optional argument sets the target directory where Kani will store its output and intermediate files. For example, `/tmp` or `/tmp/verify-std`

> Apart from these, you can use your regular `kani-args` such as `-Z function-contracts`, `-Z stubbing` and `-Z mem-predicates` depending on your verification needs. If you run into kani error that says `Use of unstable feature`, add the corresponding feature with `-Z` to the command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Apart from these, you can use your regular `kani-args` such as `-Z function-contracts`, `-Z stubbing` and `-Z mem-predicates` depending on your verification needs. If you run into a Kani error that says `Use of unstable feature`, add the corresponding feature with `-Z` to the command line.
```

Complete - 1 successfully verified harnesses, 0 failures, 1 total.
```

Now you can write proof harnesses to verify specific functions in the library. 
The current convention is to keep proofs in the same module file of the verification target. 

> To run kani for individual proof, use `--harness [harness_function_name]`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run Kani for an individual proof, use `--harness [harness_function_name]`. 
```

Note that Kani will batch run all proofs in the library folder if you do not supply the `--harness` flag. 

> If kani returns the error `no harnesses matched the harness filter`, you can give the fullname of the harness. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If Kani returns the error `no harnesses matched the harness filter`, you can give the full name of the harness. 
```

For example, to run the proof harness named `check_new` in `library/core/src/ptr/unique.rs`, use 
`--harness ptr::unique::verify::check_new`. To run all proofs in `unique.rs`, use `--harness ptr::unique::verify`. 

> To find the fullname of a harness, check the kani output and find the line starting with `Checking harness [harness fullname]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To find the full name of a harness, check the Kani output and find the line starting with `Checking harness [harness full name]`.
```
